docker optimization
docker image size reduction
docker networking eth,veth,host,none
docker volumes, when to use anonymous volumes when to use bind/mount volumes

k8s features -
1. Orchestration
2. Load balancing
3. Auto scaling
4. Auto healing ( self healing ) - its going to monitor the health of the nods, pods and the entire cluster health
5. Kubernetes will perform the autoamtaic deployment of the application
6. If u want to deploy the Kubernetes, we have to write Kubernetes manifesto files.
7. Kubernetes is platform independent.


MASTER NODE HAS -
1. API Server
2. Scheduler
3. Controller Manager
4. etcdf

WOREKR HAS -
1. Kubelet
2. Container runtime
3. Pod
4. Kube Proxy


K8s components:

CONtROL PLANE COMPONENtS:
Admin - writes the manifestos and passes commands to kubectl
Kubectl - sends the request to api server
api server - sends the request to the scheduler, 
Scheduler - to check resources and nodes, and assigns the pods to nods.
controller manager - node goes down,  it will recreate. it fixes stuff
	Node controller: Responsible for noticing and responding when nodes go down.
	Job controller: Watches for Job objects that represent one-off tasks, then creates Pods to run those tasks 	to completion.
	EndpointSlice controller: Populates EndpointSlice objects (to provide a link between Services and Pods).
	ServiceAccount controller: Create default ServiceAccounts for new namespaces.
etcd - It stores all the cluster data.

NODE COMPONENTS:
Kubelet - An agent that runs on each node in a cluster. It makes sure the containers in the pod are running
Container runtime - responsible for running the container like containerd.
Kube proxy - runs on each node in the cluster. Maintains network rules on the nodes.



Manifesto syntax:
apiVersion - Which version of the Kubernetes API you're using to create this object
kind - What kind of object you want to create
metadata - Data that helps uniquely identify the object, including a name string, UID, and optional namespace
spec - What state you desire for the object